when I was a young teenager I worked on my families farm and my uncle had told me to piece together a fertilizer machine on my own
it took me about 4 hours but I enjoyed it. not cause it was easy but the reward for getting it done felt well deserved.
reminded me of the time I built legos as an even younger child with a friend and had to follow instructons
the "INSTRUCTIONS" we're actually clear but 
I still needed to process to understand
 even tho i got stuck sometimes I went back and looked at it a different way and got it done.with 
C# the courses instructons were great for blackJack and some MVC projects and some videos you watched 
but when tossed to the console projects and the assignments you had to submit to the instructor, the instructons vaguley refferenced 
the videos. about half maybe seemed to relate to the current topic I remember the last assignment I wanted to do the JS knockout 
one and I could not find a single thing on how to use an MVC or what not to start the project the instructor instructed me a template for 
antoher one of the four assignments. that was highly frustrating and you just
have a limited time so you take what you can get the assignments assigned by the school doesn't even have links
to the assignments in C# they're giving out the INSTRUCTIONS in my opinion that are not that good  
erik gross I still remember in the first "overview of definitions" course said don't spend more than an hour trying to piece something
togheter but in C# every few pages was over an hour especially the first couple hundred pages.
 and it was way too much info at once. sink or swim is what it felt like. but perhaps I'm lazy, uninterested, 
not smart enough, or just don't have a huge passion for this which are all somewhat true. but I wanted this 
course to land a job as a junior developer
I have a career I work at in film and athletics but I dont always get work and wanted to upgrade my day job. so this sort of stuff does 
not come as easy to me, it's not really my "calling"
 I'm sure maybe people with a strong passion who are smart in this way do great! but for some of us who are just no gifted in it
trying to get a better job I dont feel this accomdates to them as well but the tech academy really called me 
always wanting to sell me on the course. 
 well I spent money on this course to be taught lessons not google it on my own. I should have just googled my way to the job with 
the teaching style from the last course. 

and that is what really piss me off. if you want us to learn on our own cause were paid to google. at least give 
a few links that will have all the answers so we dont end up down rabbit holes
because I honestly think I did not know what to google sometimes. I'm new to this sort of work and vocabulary so I was lost a lot in this
course. it shouldnt take a whole damn week

for one assignment especially when we have jobs and family to tend to i paid for lessons like solid instructions. not go off on your
own for the assignment and get lost for a a day or two and see what happens. 
I Really hated this course I'm not going to lie the words used to are so foreign I did not have a professional understanding of
words like "instansiate", or "Object-orient progamming", or LINQ and this and that or "CONST" "VAR" or UTF-32 or Convert.ToinT32 etc.. 
like I know what those words mean

but its like learning a foreign language I can't speak it too well so I have to think in my head what im translating too.
but the videos just go and go and go and go. and speak like you know the foreign language fluently.
you can't ask questions to it. so if you get lost you end up screensharing and 

the instructors probably are getting annoyed as you are by how much you call
 and you feel bad cause you dont understand and then they have other
students to tend to and you just are done with it sometimes and don't want to google no more "JS knockout" 

couldn't find a single thing for that assignment I watched youtube videos I looked through stackoverflow microsoft docs
and others and I couldn't find any beginner thing on how to use it in an MVC way.
 I found stuff on it that I could not undestand. and I didn't want to have
to screenshare a freaking again to get it done. and you have no links on how to do it the course is "ike
hey fly or die" is what it seems like SO i was like ya fuck this I'm sorry but I really hated this course with a passion 
